ae
and then youtube star that the
first channel video a chip
we have this server here that without further
delongas staff is server is top guy is
so cool
his name is the greatest craft back
leaving a short description of the video and
Let's introduce this server here either
too many people over and over and over
well let's go here the igor ghadr would be the
our the owner of the server very firm
here we have the goal for the master that is the
server adm and my team partner
who invited me to play this game so
wonderful
md-11 is here the assassin's creed
well come on, I'm in place
destined for Christmas because today is day
24/12 2013 christmas eve
So, you 're home, have a good Christmas.
no matter the date you also
video here
the portrait is the caricature of adm alex
here the owner of the adri gu and here the adm
to titles
well go to spanish
good there nepal is the city then the game is
based here when you type answer
be here
here we are more players have one
skeleton in the middle
It's for you, you're a beginner.
bahls map of the end to go to the central
of portals you enter this portal here
to build it and so on
here are the signs indicating where
you will to do what you want a
server
here we have youtube this is people
important
on that right server is the tip
This gold tower would be ours.
shopping to our shopping
we have several floors that we can buy
various items with our money
But then, how do we find our
money
you type mônica bar
there you see the much so that you have
in case I have here the money balance I
I have 3310 dollars a coin
game
here we have the enchantment for you to sing
a store that also book store
the Christmas tree also of the city
here the giant dolls of much of the
helicopter there is a very
of the time that has here that is the pet that
you can have a pet he
it's yours it does not die
Actually, I have to see what it says.
so 3rd pet calm bar it comes to you
But for this you need to have a pet.
in my case my kind of my cock
victor is the sni 11 he's here the
My side of hello to guys I sent him
has the scorpion that inter with a block
gold because I got sent the
ostentation
here you can enter the bugs here
They do not give you damage because it serves to
you capture yourself to be yours
companion in your pet
that the helicopter jail
where is
come on we have several codes in this
server that I think I'll spend on
next video
This video, same guys, I'm doing it alone.
to display the server and server
here same top
I recommend you already started playing I
I play every day so if you come in
you can ask the owner for help
he is the guaré priest of m
the moderators and finally if I have laine
You want to ask me, I'll
help play on that server and that's it
we have the plot is also a safe place
To build your house you type
bar the tall team you will get the
your your land to build your house
I already have recorded the romi there I go
direct home bar and vote the code
good this here is my humble
residence
we live here three people who would be the
smith 11 the honda
you will see there on the server and here the
My room is the following part of the
home and out here
oops almost here our house we
also a christmas tree is and that's it
Hey guys, I think our video goes
I'll finish by finishing here.
more videos about this server and I'll
explain in detail how
does this server work?
here is good until the next
Tell me guys